title: "2018-05-17 FACEBOOK LIVE"
date: 2018-10-09

# 2018-05-17 FACEBOOK LIVE
## WHO’S GONNA LEAD US?
### SERVANT LEADERSHIP
---
# REVIEW WHY I'M DOING THESE
- Help people find work they love
- Help people advertise/market the work they love

# HOW TO CONTACT ME FOR ADVICE
- Facebook Messenger
- Email - bobbyshirley.com/advice
- Leave me a voicemail - 256-978-9757

# TIPS FOR VIEWERS
- Encourage Everyone to Like and Share
- Remind Fans to Subscribe: tap the Follow button so they can get notifications
- Three Steps To Gaining Clarity - http://bobbyshirley.com/threesteps
- TRIBES Book Group Blog Project - http://bobbyshirley.com/tribesgroupblog

If you think this topic will be interesting to your network please share it with them. I’ll do my best to make it as useful as possible so they thank you for it.

“Hey, if you’re just joining us, welcome to our broadcast. We’re currently talking about [topic] and we’ve just covered [previous topic].”
---
# WHO’S GONNA LEAD US?
Everyone needs a leader. Not everyone is a leader by default but everyone can be self-lead.

Being a leader to yourself is a skill that, when developed, can change everything.

Self lead = Self starter, motivated, driven.

> **“Life’s too short” is repeated often enough to be a cliche, but this time it’s true. You don’t have enough time to be both unhappy and mediocre. It’s not just pointless, it’s painful. Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you ought to set up a life you don’t need to escape from.” - Seth Godin**

It’s time. It’s just time. It’s time to step up. It’s time to jump in. 

Assess the risks, make the plans, and go!

The best thing about leadership is that, while it does come naturally to some, it can be developed.

“*How to be a good leader*” results in over 47 million results.

If you’re not sure how to be a leader, Google is your new best friend.

The thing about leadership is not about being the “big man or woman” but about serving.

Leaders and serving seem opposites at first.

Remember that Jesus told us that the greatest of us should serve. And He modeled that.

> **Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. —Albert Einstein**

**Ken Blanchard** wrote **The Secret – What Great Leaders Know and Do**

Link - https://amzn.to/2ItMa49

- **See the Future** – Leadership is about taking people somewhere.  Leaders have the opportunity to help people see a picture of that preferred future.  Leaders must see it before they can rally people to pursue it.

- **Engage and Develop Others** – Leaders determine who they’ll recruit and select for the journey.  Then they must create the environment that brings out the best in those on the team.  And, the best leaders never forget to help others grow and develop along the way.

- **Reinvent Continuously** – Leaders know that progress is always preceded by change.  They are focused on making themselves better, the systems better and they willingly change the structure as needed so that it never becomes an impediment to their progress.  Leaders create change.

- **Value Results and Relationships** – The best leaders understand the inherent tension between results and relationships.  They manage that tension.  They have a broader definition of success: performance and people.  They unleash tremendous power when they find a way to value BOTH results and relationships.

- **Embody the Values** – Effective leaders walk the talk.  They align their actions with their intentions.  They live like they believe the things they are saying.  All of this establishes trust and credibility.  It also has a tremendous impact on the culture the leader is trying to create.


---

TRIBES BOOK GROUP BLOG

TRIBES Book Group Blog Project - http://bobbyshirley.com/tribesgroupblog

Tribes book link - https://amzn.to/2IPfZ2c
